Mitigations for outstanding issues (#32)
phnx-im/docs: src/threat_model/qualitative/metadata.md

#### Users, clients and aliases (AS)

> With a snapshot, the SA obtains a list of every user registered with the AS, as well as of their clients, including each client's public authentication key material (i.e. client credentials). The SA can also view a list of all aliases registered with the AS. With a sufficient number of users on a server, there is no link between aliases and user identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a snapshot, the SA obtains a list of every user registered with the AS, as well as of their clients, including each client's public authentication key material (i.e. client credentials). The SA can also view a list of all aliases registered with the AS. With a sufficient number of user accounts on a server, there is no link between aliases and user identities.
```

- links between identities and pseudonyms
- links between identities and aliases

> Note that unlinkability between identities and pseudonyms or aliases only applies to servers with a sufficiently large number of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that unlinkability between identities and pseudonyms or aliases only applies to servers with a sufficiently large number of user accounts.
```

The SA can see pre-published key material (add packages) and queues for each client pseudonym. The SA can therefore also see the number of messages in each queue, but not their content due to at-rest encryption. 

Note that the adversary may be able to determine how active a given client pseudonym is from the number of messages in a queue. Also, despite individual message padding, the padded message size of individual messages may allow the adversary to infer information about communication patterns.

## Honest-but-curious adversaries

Honest-but-curious adversaries have full access to the server including its volatile memory and its persisted state, but don't actively interfere with the server's operations.

The main protection against honest-but-curious adversaries is that users interact with the services using per-group pseudonyms instead of their real identities. On servers with a sufficient number of users, this prevents adversaries from linking any individual action of a user with the user's identity as seen by other users. The adversary can still see the metadata of messages, but cannot link them to the real identities of the users.

> In the federated setting, honest-but-curious adversaries can observe the individual domains of users. Even though the identity of users is hidden through pseudonyms, the domain may allow adversaries to infer partial social graphs and group structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the federated setting, honest-but-curious adversaries can observe the individual domain names of users. Even though the identity of users is hidden through pseudonyms, the domain name may allow adversaries to infer partial social graphs and group structures.
```
